Author: Connor Stone
Contact: connor.stone@queensu.ca

Layout
--------------------

Files in this directory contain rotation curves and surface brightness
profiles for the PROBES compendium. Each .prof file has one commented
row with the units for each column, then a row with the column
headers, then the data in a csv format. Columns are described in Stone
et al. 2022a however we provide column descriptions here as well for
completeness.


Rotation Curves
--------------------

R: (arcsec) radius of velocity measurements relative the kinematic center as fit by the C97 model.
V: (km s^-1) velocity measurements with global recessional velocity subtracted by the C97 model.
V_e: (km s^-1) velocity measurement errors as reported in the original survey, or by measuring scatter relative to the C97 model if errors were not available.


Photometry
--------------------

.prof files:
R: (arcsec) Isophote semimajor axis length
SB: (mag arcsec^-2) Median SB along isophote
SB_e: (mag arcsec^-2) Uncertainty on SB estimate
totmag: (mag) Total magnitude enclosed in isophote, computed by integrating SB profile
totmag_e: (mag) Uncertainty in totmag estimate propagated through integral
ellip: (unitless) Ellipticity of isophote ($1-b/a$)
ellip_e: (unitless) Uncertainty in ellipticity estimate determined by local variability
pa: (deg) PA of isophote relative to positive $y$-axis (increasing counter-clockwise) on the image
pa_e: (deg) Uncertainty in PA estimate determined by local variability
pixels: (count) Number of unmasked pixels sampled along isophote or within band
maskedpixels: (count) Number of masked pixels rejected along isophote or within band
totmag_direct: (mag) Total magnitude enclosed in current isophote by direct pixel flux summation

.aux files:
auxiliarry file with information about fitting proceedure including
any AutoProf options used so fit can be reproduced. Some global values
are included in these files as well. See the r-band aux file for
fitting state (fit checks), all other aux files report forced
photometry.